Update Partner information (#326)
meltano/handbook: src/_company/partners.md

---
layout: page
title: Partners
weight: 2
---

## Adding New Partners

- Before adding a partner, have the Partner fill out the [Meltano Partner Submission form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfJUj7IHLKTV5vFxn8Xf5mSWtWpk7WU35LE0Ex3zfsyP8XO7Q/viewform?usp=sf_link) to collect necessary information. If you need access to form submissions please request access through Google Forms or let `@afolson` know.

> - Add new partner to the website by following [these instructions](/marketing/wordpress#partners).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new partner to the website by following [these instructions](/marketing/wordpress#partners).
- Optionally create a private `partner-<name>` Slack channel and invite `meltano-team` and the partner's people.
- On the partner's HubSpot profile, set "Partner Type" and "Slack Channel URL" as appropriate.
```

---
layout: page
title: Partners
weight: 2
---

## Adding New Partners

> - Before adding a partner, have the Partner fill out the [Meltano Partner Submission form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfJUj7IHLKTV5vFxn8Xf5mSWtWpk7WU35LE0Ex3zfsyP8XO7Q/viewform?usp=sf_link) to collect necessary information. If you need access to form submissions please request access through Google Forms or let `@afolson` know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Before adding a partner, have the Partner fill out the [Meltano Partner Submission form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfJUj7IHLKTV5vFxn8Xf5mSWtWpk7WU35LE0Ex3zfsyP8XO7Q/viewform?usp=sf_link) to collect necessary information.
```

---
layout: page
title: Partners
weight: 2
---

We have four types of partners, tagged as such in HubSpot:

1. "Consultancy", e.g. Brooklyn Data Co. These are listed on https://meltano.com/partners/ and owned by Douwe.
2. "Built with Meltano", e.g. Matatika. These are owned by Product/Taylor
3. "Component Vendor", e.g. Lightdash. These are owned by Product/Taylor.
4. "Singer Working Group", e.g. Talend/Stitch. These are owned by Engineering/AJ.

Partners typically get a private Slack channel named `partner-<name>`.

## Adding New Partners

> Partner can submit the necessary information on [Meltano Partner Submission form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfJUj7IHLKTV5vFxn8Xf5mSWtWpk7WU35LE0Ex3zfsyP8XO7Q/viewform?usp=sf_link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partners can sign up via the [Meltano Partner Submission form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfJUj7IHLKTV5vFxn8Xf5mSWtWpk7WU35LE0Ex3zfsyP8XO7Q/viewform?usp=sf_link).
```
